Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S!
WHOA, WHO ARE YOU?
Aporia: I AM APORIA.
NOW, YUSEI...WITNESS THE POWER
OF MY ASTRO MEKANIKLE.
ONCE A TURN, IT CAN ABSORB A
SYNCHRO MONSTER
AND GAIN ITS ATTACK POINTS...
A SYNCHRO MONSTER LIKE YOUR
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
I SEE THE FEAR IN YOUR EYES...
AND YOU'RE RIGHT TO BE AFRAID.
YOU WILL TASTE THE SAME DESPAIR
THAT I HAVE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU ARE SO INSISTENT ON GETTING
ANSWERS, AREN'T YOU, YUSEI?
VERY WELL...
LESTER, PRIMO AND JAKOB WERE
JUST DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF ME
FROM DIFFERENT
INSTANCES IN MY LIFE.
AND THEIR SOLE PURPOSE HERE WAS
TO GATHER ALL OF US...
TO WHERE WE FIND OURSELVES NOW!
TO THE POINT WHERE I CAN WIPE
NEW DOMINO CITY OFF THE MAP!
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
MILLIONS OF PEOPLE LIVE HERE!
BUT FEAR NOT, YUSEI.
THE PEOPLE OF NEW DOMINO
WON'T SUFFER THE SAME
FATE AS THEIR CITY.
THEY WILL LIVE.
BUT ONCE THEY GET TO KNOW THE
FESTERING DIMENSION
THAT THEY'VE BEEN BANISHED TOO,
THEY MAY WISH THAT THEY HADN'T!
YOU'RE A FOOL!
I HAVE SEEN WHAT IS IN
STORE FOR ALL OF US
AND I WILL NOT STAND BY AND
FORSAKE THE FUTURE.
SO READY YOURSELF, YUSEI,
BECAUSE IT ALL ENDS NOW!
[EXPLOSION]
Carly: JACK...YOU SHOULDN'T BE
MOVING!
Jack: I'D MOVE THE WHOLE WORLD
IF IT COULD HELP YUSEI NOW
Crow: AHH. YEAH, JACK, I'M RIGHT
THERE WITH YA.
THIS IS WHERE IT ENDS FOR YOU!
AND NEW DOMINO CITY!
[SINISTER LAUGHTER]
[♪♪♪...]
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS IN
HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU COULD WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNING SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN ARISE ♪
♪ AND FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUST ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
FAREWELL, YUSEI FUDO!
THIS IS THE END!
Yusei Thinking: NOT IF I CAN
FIND A WAY TO DESTROY
APORIA'S MEKLORD ASTRO
MEKANIKLE.
BUT THE QUESTION IS HOW?
[LIGHTNING STRIKING]
YUSEI!
WHO'S THAT? NO WAY!
HUH!
Leo: LOOK ITS JACK AND CROW.
Akiza: GUESS THEY'RE
FEELING BETTER.
YUSEI, WE'RE WITH YOU
ALL THE WAY!
WE'RE NOT LETTIN' YA
FACE THIS CREEP ALONE!
NO GET OUTTA HERE!
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS AND YOU'VE
BOTH BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH!
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH WORSE, PAL.
SORRY, BUT THERE'S NO WAY THAT
YOU'RE GETTING' RID OF US.
JACK AND I ARE HERE TO STAY!
AND HERE TO HELP, JUST LIKE THE
CARDS WE PLAYED STILL ARE.
DON'T TELL ME YOU FORGOT ALL
ABOUT MY FACEDOWN CARD, YUSEI.
ACTUALLY, I DID
JACK THREW A CARD
AND IT'S STILL IN PLAY.
WHICH MEANS I STILL HAVE
A CHANCE TO WIN THIS DUEL.
AND I'M GONNA TAKE THAT CHANCE.
HERE AND NOW.
NOW MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE...
REV UP YOUR MECHANIZED MOTOR
AND ATTACK SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
GO, MEKLORD MAYHEM.
I ACTIVATE A TRAP...SCRAP-IRON
SCARECROW!
IT NEGATES YOUR ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S ATTACK.
YOU FOOLISH DOLT!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
THAT ASTRO MEKANIKLE
CANNOT BE AFFECTED BY
TRAP CARDS RIGHT NOW?
DUE TO THE ABILITY OF MY
BANISHED WISEL ATTACK 5,
ANY ONE TRAP YOU ACTIVATE IS
NEGATED AND DESTROYED.
ANY ONE TRAP,
BUT WHAT IF I HAVE TWO?
GO FOR IT, YUSEI.
USE MY FACEDOWN!
WITH PLEASURE, JACK.
GO, REVENGE TWIN SOUL!
AND THE REVENGE WILL BE YUSEI'S!
BECAUSE NOW, BY REMOVING TWO
SYNCHROS IN HIS GRAVEYARD
FROM PLAY, HE CAN INCREASE A
MONSTER'S DEFENSE BY THOSE TWO
SYNCHROS' LEVELS
TIMES ONE HUNDRED!
AND THE TWO SYNCHROS
THAT I REMOVE ARE
THE LEVEL 12 RED NOVA DRAGON AND
THE LEVEL 8 BLACK-WINGED DRAGON,
WHICH MEANS
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON NOW GAINS
2000 PROTECTIVE POINTS.
AND IF YA DO THE MATH,
THAT'S MORE THAN YOUR ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S ATTACK POINTS.
BUT TWIN SOUL IS DOUBLE TROUBLE
BECAUSE IT HAS A SECOND EFFECT.
SINCE SHOOTING STAR'S DEFENSE IS
GREATER THAN MEKANIKLE'S ATTACK
STRENGTH, APORIA'S
MONSTER GOES BYE-BYE.
YES, PERHAPS IF YOU WERE DEALING
WITH JUST ANY ATTACKING MONSTER.
BUT YOU'RE FACING
THE ULTIMATE MEKLORD!
SO, BY REMOVING ONE EMPEROR PART
IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY,
ITS DESTRUCTION IS NEGATED!
SO YOUR TRAP CARD
DEALT ME A BIT OF DAMAGE,
BUT THAT IS NOTHING
COMPARED TO THE DAMAGE
I'LL SOON DEAL TO YOUR CITY.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN AND
END MY TURN.
ALRIGHT, THEN IT'S OUR MOVE NOW!
MY DRAW.
AND FIRST I'M THROWING DOWN
ANGEL BATON.
WHICH MEANS, SINCE I HAVE
2 OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I NOW GET TO DRAW TWO CARDS
BUT THEN MUST SEND ONE CARD IN
MY HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
DIMENSION VOYAGE.
THIS LETS ME TAKE THE AMOUNT OF
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
THAT WERE REMOVED FROM PLAY
AND SUMMON THAT SAME
AMOUNT TO MY FIELD.
AND RIGHT NOW, TWO SYNCHRO
MONSTERS HAVE BEEN
REMOVED FROM PLAY!
WHICH MEANS...
WELCOME BACK, RED NOVA DRAGON
AND BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
[ROARING]
HOWEVER, DUE TO
DIMENSION VOYAGE,
THEIR ABILITIES ARE NEGATED.
THEY CAN'T ATTACK AND THEY'RE
REMOVED FROM PLAY
AT THIS TURN'S END PHASE.
NO SPECIAL ABILITIES,
AND THEY CAN'T WAGE ATTACKS?
THEN WHY PLAY THEM AT ALL?
NEXT I SWITCH
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
TO ATTACK MODE.
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE THE TRAP
TRUST CHAIN!
NOW SYNCHRO MONSTERS CAN'T
ATTACK THIS TURN,
BUT UNTIL MY TURN'S OVER,
RED NOVA DRAGON AND BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON'S ATTACK POINTS ARE ADDED
TO MAKE SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
A WHOLE LOT STRONGER.
9600 ATTACK POINTS?!
NOW SHOOTING STAR DRAGON, ATTACK
MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE.
PRIDE COMES BEFORE THE FALL.
LIKE YOUR PRIDE IN THOSE ATTACK
POINTS, YUSEI.
AS FOR THE FALL?
GO, BANISHING CLIMB.
I'M ALLOWED TO USE THIS TRAP
CARD DURING THE BATTLE PHASE
TO REMOVE ALL SYNCHRO MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD FROM PLAY.
OH, MAN, I DON'T LIKE
WHERE THIS IS GOING.
THIS IS JUST PLAIN AWFUL
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE NOW LOWER THAN
MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE'S!
I ACTIVATE ANOTHER EFFECT
OF TRUST CHAIN.
NOW, BY DESTROYING THIS CARD,
THE BATTLE PHASE ENDS!
UHH!
BACK TO SQUARE ONE.
THIS GUY'S GOT AN
ANSWER FOR EVERYTHING.
I'M NOT THROUGH YET, YUSEI.
NOW, DUE TO BANISHING
CLIMB'S EFFECT,
THE MONSTERS THAT WERE
REMOVED FROM PLAY
RETURN TO THE FIELD WITH THEIR
SPECIAL ABILITIES NEGATED.
OH, NO!
IT'S THE WORST CASE SCENARIO!
[ROARING]
AHH!
INDEED IT IS.
BECAUSE NOW, YUSEI FUDO,
YOUR SYNCHRO MONSTERS WILL
BECOME MY SYNCHRO MONSTERS!
MC: OH, MY WORD.
BY WAY OF SOME BEDAZZLING GAME
PLAY, APORIA HAS SET THE STAGE
TO INFUSE YUSEI'S SYNCHROS INTO
HIS ASTRO MEKANIKLE'S GEARS!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MY DRAW THEN.
I ACTIVATE MEKLORD ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
AND IT'S AS YOU FEARED.
ONCE PER TURN,
MY ASTRO MEKANIKLE CAN ABSORB
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
AND GAIN ATTACK POINTS EQUAL TO
THAT SYNCHRO'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS.
SO THANK YOU FOR THE POWER
BOOST, RED NOVA DRAGON.
I'D SAY THINGS CAN'T GET WORSE,
BUT I THINK THEY'RE ABOUT TO!
AND NOW, BY SENDING A MEKLORD
EMPEROR PART TO THE GRAVEYARD,
MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE
TAKES ON THAT PART'S ABILITY.
SO, GRANEL TOP 5,
YOU ARE HEREBY BANISHED
AND YOUR ABILITY IS
HEREBY GAINED.
MEANING ASTRO MEKANIKLE
NOW CAN ABSORB
AN ADDITIONAL SYNCHRO MONSTER.
SO HE'S STEALING TWO SYNCHRO
MONSTERS IN A SINGLE TURN?
OH, NO, BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
SORRY WE COULDN'T
PROTECT YA, PAL.
AND I THINK WE ALL KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT, DON'T WE?
ASTRO MEKANIKLE GAINS
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
TO USE AS ITS VERY OWN.
BUT THAT'S OVER
10000 POWER POINTS.
THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI, AND I'M
GOING TO USE THEM ALL
TO DEFEAT YOU AND
DESTROY THIS CITY.
AHH.
NOW, YUSEI,
SAY GOODBYE.
MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE ATTACK!
INCOMING!
I CAN'T LET IT END LIKE THIS.
I PLAY GUARD MASTER'S ABILITY.
YOU SEE, APORIA,
IF YOU ATTACK WHEN THIS
CARD IS IN MY GRAVEYARD
I CAN SIMPLY REMOVE
IT FROM PLAY
THEN THE TARGET OF
YOUR ATTACK SWITCHES
TO DEFENSE MODE AND CAN'T BE
DESTROYED THIS TURN.
[EXPLOSIONS]
Lazar: OHH, HE'S STILL IN IT.
YOU'RE GETTING DESPERATE, YUSEI.
AND IN YOUR DESPERATION,
YOU'VE FORGOTTEN ABOUT MY ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
LET ME REMIND YOU,
BY SENDING A SYNCHRO MONSTER
THAT ASTRO MEKANIKLE HAS
ABSORBED TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN DELIVER YOU DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THAT SYNCHRO MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
AND SINCE THE MONSTER
I'LL BE BANISHING
IS RED NOVA DRAGON,
THAT DAMAGE IS 3500 POINTS.
YUSEI WON'T BE ABLE
TO WITHSTAND THIS ATTACK.
IF IT CONNECTS, HE'S GOING TO
LOSE THIS DUEL.
YUSEI, NO!!!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN...
THE TRAP HARDSHIP!
THIS CARD NOW BECOMES SHOOTING
STAR DRAGON'S EQUIP CARD,
WHICH MEANS BY MAKING THE ATTACK
AND DEFENSE POINTS
OF SHOOTING STAR ZERO,
THE ATTACK YOU'RE SENDING MY
WAY DEALS ZERO DAMAGE.
ALRIGHT, HE'S STILL IN THIS.
FINE, I'LL JUST SEND
BLACK-WINGED TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND DEAL YOU 2800
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
BUT THAT MAKES NO SENSE,
YOUR ASTRO MEKANIKLE WOULD
SIMPLY LOSE ATTACK POINTS
AND DUE TO HARDSHIP'S EFFECT
ANY DAMAGE SENT MY
WAY WOULD BE NEGATED.
BUT IF YOU INSIST, FINE, I'LL
USE HARDSHIP'S EFFECT ONCE MORE.
I DO INSIST, YUSEI, BECAUSE THAT
TRAP IS OF NO CONCERN TO ME.
NOT WITH THIS TRAP IN PLAY!
INFINITE FEAST.
NOW, YUSEI, SINCE THE SYNCHRO
MONSTER THAT WAS ABSORBED
BY ASTRO MEKANIKLE
IS IN THE GRAVEYARD,
MY ASTRO MEKANIKLE IS ALLOWED TO
ABSORB WHATEVER SYNCHRO MONSTERS
I SO CHOOSE FROM
THAT SAME GRAVEYARD.
WAIT, DID YOU SAY MONSTERS?
HE DID.
AHH!
AND NOW, YUSEI,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL TO ALL
THE SYNCHRO MONSTERS
THAT MY ASTRO MEKANIKLE ABSORBED
THIS TURN TIMES 600.
MATH'S NOT MY STRONG SUIT,
BUT AS I RECALL,
ASTRO MEKANIKLE ABSORBED TWO
SYNCHROS EARLIER.
AND THEN THERE WERE THE TWO JUST
NOW, SO THAT MEANS...
2400 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
THIS MIGHT PINCH A BIT, YUSEI.
AAH! AAH!
YUSEI!
OH, NO!
AHH.
AND NOW, DUE TO
INFINITE FEAST'S EFFECT,
I REGAIN 600 LIFE POINTS.
NEXT, I PLAY ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S ABILITY!
AS YOU MIGHT RECALL,
IT TAKES THE ATTACK POINTS OF
YOUR ABSORBED SYNCHROS
AND GIVES THEM TO MY MONSTER.
SO AFTER THAT,
ASTRO MEKANIKLE'S STILL AS
STRONG AS EVER!
I END MY TURN, YUSEI.
AND VERY SOON AFTER,
I'LL TAKE GREAT DELIGHT IN
SENDING YOU AWAY.
I ONLY HAVE 400
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
I BETTER MAKE
A MOVE OR I'M THROUGH!
YOU MAY BE LOW ON
LIFE POINTS, YUSEI
BUT YOU'RE STILL
FLUSH WITH FRIENDS
AND WE'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE
YEAH, JACK'S RIGHT!
AND WE'RE NOT JUST
WITH YA IN BODY
BUT WE'RE WITH
YA IN SPIRIT, AS WELL.
MY MARK, IT'S...GLOWING.
YUSEI.
ALRIGHT,
IF MY FRIENDS STILL BELIEVE,
THEN I BELIEVE, TOO.
AND NOT JUST IN MYSELF.
IN MY CARDS, AS WELL.
AND WITH THAT,
THERE'S ONLY ONE
THING LEFT TO SAY.
LET'S...
REV IT UP!
I DRAW!
PERFECT.
FIRST I PLAY THE EFFECT
OF THE TRAP, HARDSHIP!
WHICH MEANS BY SENDING HARDSHIP
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
IS DESTROYED.
WHAT THIS?
WHY WOULD YOU DESTROY YOUR ONE
AND ONLY MONSTER?
BECAUSE, IT'S NOT JUST
MY MONSTER THAT GOES,
BUT ALL EQUIP CARDS GO, TOO.
WAIT A SECOND, THEN THAT WOULD
MEAN THAT THE RED NOVA DRAGON
AND BLACK-WINGED DRAGON THAT
ASTRO MEKANIKLE ABSORBED GO
ADIOS AND ASTRO MEKANIKLE'S
ATTACK POINTS GO DOWN.
ALRIGHT!
NOW THAT METAL MONOLITH
IS A LOT EASIER TO TAKE DOWN.
YES, IF YOU HAD ANY MONSTERS
TO TAKE HIM ON WITH.
BUT IN CASE YOU HAVE
A SHORT-TERM MEMORY,
YOU JUST DESTROYED THE LAST
BEAST YOU HAD.
INDEED I DID, APORIA,
WHICH IS WHY I NOW
SUMMONING MYSTIC PIPER.
NOW, BY RELEASING MYSTIC PIPER,
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW ONE CARD,
AND IF THE CARD I DRAW
IS A MONSTER CARD,
I GET TO DRAW AGAIN!
MUST BE MY LUCKY DAY,
IT'S A MONSTER.
NOW HERE COMES MY SECOND PULL.
LOOKS LIKE MY LUCK
JUST KEEPS ON COMING.
I NOW PLAY THE CARD I DREW,
THE TRAP, GHOUL SUMMONER!
NOW, I CAN SUMMON ONE MONSTER
THAT WAS DESTROYED
AND SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD
BACK TO MY FIELD
AND THEN EQUIP
GHOUL SUMMONER TO IT.
AND THE MONSTER I CHOOSE IS
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS BEFORE.
WHEN WILL YOU FINALLY LEARN?
YOUR SYNCHROS ARE USELESS
AGAINST MY ASTRO MEKANIKLE.
CAN'T YOU SEE?
IF I WERE YOU,
I'D BE MORE CONCERNED WITH WHAT
YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE, APORIA.
THE SECOND EFFECT OF
GHOUL SUMMONER.
IT LETS ME SUMMON A SYNCHRO FROM
MY GRAVEYARD
BY MAKING ONE DISCARD!
HOWEVER, I MUST THEN TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THAT SYNCHRO MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
NOW RETURN, RED NOVA DRAGON!
YOU'RE THROUGH.
RED NOVA DRAGON HAS
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOU HAVE LIFE POINTS.
DOESN'T MATTER WITH BLACK-WINGED
DRAGON'S ABILITY.
THAT'S RIGHT, CROW, WHEN I TAKE
DAMAGE FROM AN EFFECT,
I CAN PLACE A COUNTER ON
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
FOR EVERY COUNTER I PLACE,
BLACK WINGED DRAGON LOSES 700
ATTACK POINTS,
BUT ALL DAMAGE DEALT
TO ME IS NEGATED.
YEAH, WAY TO GO, YUSEI.
LOW LIFE POINTS AREN'T SO BAD
SO LONG AS BLACK WING IS THERE
TO TAKE THE HITS!
AND DON'T FORGET, YUSEI.
FOR EVERY TUNER
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
RED NOVA DRAGON GAINS
500 ATTACK POINTS.
AND SINCE WE HAVE TWO
MONO SYNCHRON
AND FORMULA SYNCHRON
THAT'S A BIG TIME BONUS OF 1000.
THEN, ONCE AGAIN, DUE TO MY
GHOUL SUMMONER TRAP'S EFFECT,
BY MAKING JUST ONE DISCARD
I CAN BRING BACK FROM THE
GRAVEYARD SHOOTING STAR DRAGON!
AND, JUST LIKE BEFORE,
THE DAMAGE SENT MY WAY FOR
SUMMONING SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
IS ABSORBED BY PLACING ANOTHER
COUNTER ON BLACK-WING.
THEY'RE ALL HERE!
LIKE IT WAS MEANT TO BE!
LIKE THEY SHARE
THE SAME BOND WE DO!
[ROARING]
TIME FOR ME TO REV THINGS UP!
I NOW ACTIVATE
BLACK-WING'S ABILITY!
WITH IT, I CAN REMOVE
ALL OF BLACK-WING'S COUNTERS
AND THEN YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
DECREASE BY THE NUMBER OF THOSE
COUNTERS MULTIPLIED BY 700.
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
YOUR LIFE POINTS GET HIT
BY THE SAME AMOUNT.
SO, SINCE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
HAS TWO COUNTERS,
YOUR ASTRO MEKANIKLE
LOSES 1400 ATTACK POINTS.
AND NOW, APORIA,
ANOTHER 1400 POINTS
ARE DELIVERED TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
GO, BLACK ORB BLAST!
WAY TO GO, YUSEI.
PLUS, SINCE BLACK-WING DOESN'T
HAVE ANY COUNTERS,
HE GAINS 1400 ATTACK POINTS.
NOW BLACK-WINGED DRAGON HAS MORE
ATTACK POINTS
THAN MEKLORD ASTRO MEKANIKLE!
HE SURE DOES, CROW.
AND NOW I'M GOING
TO HAVE HIM USE THEM.
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON ATTACK!
[EXPLOSION]
AHHH!
I ACTIVATE MY ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S ABILITY.
BY REMOVING ONE MEKLORD EMPEROR
PART IN MY GRAVEYARD FROM PLAY,
MEKANIKLE'S
DESTRUCTION IS NEGATED.
AND THE PART I REMOVE
IS GRANEL GUARD.
YUSEI, DON'T LET UP.
NOT A CHANCE.
RED NOVA DRAGON, ATTACK!
GO, BLAZING SOUL STRIKE!
[ROARING]
AHH!
I PLAY ASTRO
MEKANIKLE'S POWER ONCE MORE
AND REMOVE GRANEL
ATTACK FROM PLAY
TO SAVE IT FROM BEING DESTROYED.
ALRIGHT!
HE'S ONLY GOT
500 LIFE POINTS LEFT!
THIS CANNOT BE.
THERE IS A CHANCE
I COULD LOSE THIS!
NOT A CHANCE.
YOU WILL LOSE THIS, APORIA!
RIGHT NOW!
TIME TO END THIS!
GO, SHOOTING STAR DRAGON.
ATTACK WITH STARDUST MIRAGE!
AGH!
[EXPLOSION]
AHHH!
I'VE FAILED...
THE DIVINE TEMPLE IS NO MORE.
AND THE CITY
AND ITS PEOPLE ARE SAFE!
[EXPLOSION]
YOU DID IT.
NOT ME.
ALL OF US.
RIGHT.
WE DID THIS TOGETHER.
HEH HEH.
AND WE HAVE OUR WINNER!
WOW, WHAT A WINDING
ROAD IT IS HAS BEEN
FOR THESE THREE DUEL WARRIORS,
BUT WHEN PUSH CAME TO SHOVE,
WE WERE WITNESS TO WHAT TRUE
CHAMPIONS ARE MADE OF.
AND SPEAKING OF CHAMPIONS,
LET'S MAKE IT OFFICIAL!
THE WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX VICTOR IS...
TEAM 5D'S!
Crowd: YEAH, 5D'S ROCKS!
[CROWD CHEERING]
WHOO HOO!
YEAH! ALRIGHT!
HOORAY!
YIPPEE!
WE WON, WE BEAT
THAT NO GOOD VILLAIN!
OKAY, MAYBE NOT
WE SO MUCH, BUT EVEN SO!
AND HERE ARE OUR HEROES TAKING
THEIR VICTORY LAP.
JACK ATLAS, CROW AND YUSEI FUDO!
WE SALUTE YOU!
THERE THEY ARE!
WAY TO GO, GUYS.
THE CITY'S SAFE NOW.
HOW'D YOU DO IT?
TEAMWORK.
Girls: OH JACK!
YOU SAVED US!
THANK YOU, JACK!
WE'RE INDEBTED TO YOU!
I'LL CASH IN LATER.
Halldor: TEAM 5D'S!
TEAM RAGNAROK?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
WE ARE HERE TO TELL YOU
SOMETHING.
LEMME GUESS,
THAT YOU WANT A REMATCH?
Broder: NO, THAT YOU DID GREAT!
I'LL TAKE THAT!
SMILE EVERYONE, THIS MOMENT'S
GONNA GO DOWN IN HISTORY.
AND NOW HISTORY AND THE FUTURE
ARE SAFE FOREVER.